status	id	problem
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
      	1 	Write a Java program to implement Stack.
      	2 	WAP using interface for the shipping database. It should contain 3 classes and 3 member functions.
       	3 	Write a Java program to show multilevel inheritance for a banking database.
       	4 	Write a Java program to implement a railway reservation system using package.
       	5 	Write a Java program for transport database by using package and interface.
            6 	Write a program to implement the priority of a thread.
            7 	Write a program to implement synchronization of a printing process.
       	8 	Write a program to implement producer and consumer problem.
       	9 	Write a program to implement deadlock avoidence using multithreading.
       	10	Write a program to implement stack using multithreading.
      	11	Write a program to build an own exception.
       	12	Write a program to create multiple thread.
  	      13	Write a program to implement banking management system using multithread.
       	14	Write a program to take input from keyboard and print them on console.
       	15	Write a program to count number of vowles in a given string.
  	      16	Write a program to take input from keyboard and write them in a file.
            17	Write a program to count character in a file.
            18	Write a program for native programming.
            19	WAP to copy a content from A.txt to B.txt
            20	WAP to design a banner using applet.
            21	WAP to show string handling using at least 5 string operating.
            22	WAP to demonstrate the INet address.
            23	WAP to demonstrate URL meta information.

               # Using applet
        
              24	WAP to draw Indian flag using applet.
              25	WAP to draw Ashoka Chakra using applet.
              26	WAP to draw hour-glass using applet.
              27	WAP to draw digital clock using applet.
              28	WAP to draw analog clock using applet.
              29	WAP to draw bounce balls using applet.
              30	WAP to draw night view using applet.
              31	WAP to identify font size and style using java.
              32	WAP to input an audio clicp and display.
              33	WAP to implement mouse events.
              34 	WAP to display mouse motion and cardinality.
              35	WAP to implement key-board events.
              36	WAP to implement simple calculator using event.
              37	WAP to draw concentric circle of different colors.
